NOW THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS, THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS IS A NINE PERSON
VOLUNTEER BOARD NOMINATED BY
THE MAYOR AND APPROVED BY CITY
COUNCIL.
FIRST WE WILL HEAR FROM
PLANNING SERVICES REPRESENTED
TONIGHT BY JOHN BARRETT.
THEN THE APPLICANT OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
STAFF WILL KEEP TIME AND WILL
ANNOUNCE WHEN 30 SECONDS ARE
REMAINING PUBLIC COMMENT IS
AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR REMOTELY
.
WE WILL FIRST CALL AN
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD AND THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING THE
PUBLIC REMOTELY PRESS STAR NINE
IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR USE
THE RAISED HAND FEATURE IF
VIEWING THROUGH THE WEBLINK FOR
PHONE ACCESS CALL EIGHT SEVEN
SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO
FOUR SEVEN AND ENTER MEETING
IDEE NINE THREE EIGHT ONE SIX
FOUR EIGHT ONE ZERO ZERO SEVEN
CITY STAFF WILL SELECT CALLERS
THAT HAVE RAISED THEIR HAND
USING THE LAST THREE DIGITS
OF THEIR PHONE NUMBER OR BY
NAME IF AVAILABLE FOR THOSE
ACCESSING THROUGH THE WEBLINK
YOU WILL HEAR AN AUTOMATED
ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE HOST IS
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WHEN
SPEAKING.
PLEASE MOVE TO A QUIET AREA AND
USE ANY TELEVISION OR
BACKGROUND SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD.
WE WILL ALLOW AN APPEARING
PARTY TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT
OR OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE APPEAL.
FIVE AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE
BOARD WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN
APPEAL TO BE GRANTED.
FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION
OF THE BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT
DECISION TO THE WASHTENAW
COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT ON A
TIMELY BASIS.
>> ROLL CALL KANDACE BREYER I
AM HERE TO GRANT I AM HERE DAVE
DAVE ALREADY GIVATI HERE PATTY
LASKOSKI HERE.
JULIE WETHERBEE HERE.
DREW DANZON MIKE DANIEL HERE.
DARMA ECKMANN HERE.
CHRISTINA LUSSAC HERE WE HAVE A
QUORUM MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA.
ARE THERE ANY COMMENTS OR
QUESTIONS CHANGES TO THE
AGENDA?
IF NOT, DO I HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE AGENDA MOTION FROM
CHILD SUPPORT?
>> THANK YOU JULIE.
ALL IN FAVOR.
SAY HI.
>> I OPPOSED MOVING ON TO THE
APPROVAL OF MINUTES.
WE HAVE MINUTES FROM THE
OCTOBER TWENTY THIRD TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR ZIVA MEETING ARE
THERE ANY COMMENTS CORRECTIONS
TO THOSE MINUTES IF NOT DO HAVE
A MOTION TO APPROVE THE OCT
MINUTES SO MOVED.
THANK YOU DAVE SUPPORT.
>> THANK YOU PATTY.
ALL IN FAVOR SAY AYE I OPPOSED
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS WE
HAVE TONIGHT PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO
THREE SEVEN SIX THREE ZERO S
ASHLEY STREET.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JOHN ZONING COORDINATOR FOR
THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR.
BEFORE WE GO ANY FURTHER
TONIGHT I'D LIKE TO GIVE A WARM
WELCOME TO OUR NEWEST CITY
EMPLOYEE.
HIS NAME IS CHARLIE COLLINS IS
TO THE LEFT OF ME.
HE IS A NEW PART TIME ZONING
COORDINATOR.
SO EVERYONE GO AHEAD AND
INTRODUCE YOURSELVES AFTER THE
MEETING.
>> WELCOME, CHARLIE
.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THE FIRST PETITION THIS EVENING
IS SIX THIRTY S ASHLEY STREET
MARK RUETER.
HE'S REPRESENTING THE PROPERTY
OWNER AND HE'S SEEKING A TWENTY
SIX FOOT TWO INCH VARIANCE FROM
TABLE FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN DASH
FOUR MIXED USE ZONING DISTRICT
DIMENSIONS IF THE VARIANCE IS
GRANTED, IT WILL ALLOW
CONSTRUCTION OF A TWO STOREY
FIVE HUNDRED AND FORTY FOUR
SQUARE FOOT DETACHED GARAGE
WITH AN ACCESSORY DWELLING UNIT
IN THE REAR YARD TO BE LOCATED
THREE FEET TEN INCHES FROM THE
REAR FLAT LINE THE PROPERTY IS
ZONE C TO BE BUSINESS SERVICE
DISTRICT AND REQUIRES A MINIMUM
30 FOOT REAR YARD SETBACK WHEN
A BUDDY IN A RESIDENTIAL ZONING
DISTRICT OR ANY ZONING PROPERTY
WITH THE PROPERTY IS VACANT.
CURRENTLY WITH A CURRENT
PROPOSAL TO CONSTRUCT TWO
SINGLE FAMILY DWELLING UNITS
CONNECTED BY A GARAGE, THE
PROPERTY IS LOCATED WITHIN THE
OLD WEST SIDE HISTORIC
DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF THE
INTERSECTION OF SOUTH ASHLEY
AND WEST MOSELEY'S STREETS.
THE SITE IS CURRENTLY VACANT
AND WAS PREVIOUSLY PREVIOUSLY
OCCUPIED BY ARMON KLINGER'S AND
TWENTY TWENTY ONE.
THE HISTORIC DISTRICT ISSUED A
CERTIFICATE OF APPROPRIATENESS
TO DEMOLISH THE BUILDING SINCE
DEMOLITION REMEDIATION HAS BEEN
COMPLETED REMOVE GROUND
CONTAMINATION THE APPLICANTS
ARE PROPOSING TO CONSTRUCT A
DUPLEX WITH AN ATTACHED GARAGE
BETWEEN THE UNITS PLUS A
DETACHED GARAGE WITH AN
ACCESSORY DWELLING UNIT ABOVE A
WILL BE APPROXIMATELY TWO
THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED FIFTY TWO
SQUARE FEET AND UNIT B WILL BE
APPROXIMATELY TWO THOUSAND FIVE
HUNDRED EIGHTY SEVEN SQUARE
FEET IN AREA.
BOTH UNITS WILL BE THREE
STORIES IN HEIGHT THE AIDOO BE
A TWO STOREY STRUCTURE WITH
VEHICLE PARKING ON THE FIRST
FLOOR, A ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT
ON THE SECOND FLOOR.
THE TWO PROPERTIES OF THE WEST
ARE BOTH ZONED ARCHWAY TO
FAMILY DWELLING DISTRICT.
ONE OF THE PROPERTIES THE
DUPLEX AND THE OTHER AS A
SINGLE FAMILY DWELLING THIS
APPLICATION RECEIVED HISTORIC
DISTRICT COMMISSION APPROVAL ON
OCTOBER 10TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR IF YOU'LL
TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO THE
MONITORS I'LL PRESENT THE SLIDE
PRESENTATION.
THE FIRST SLIDE IS THE ZONING
MAP.
YOU SEE THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
HIGHLIGHTED IN BLUISH GREEN IN
THE CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN YOU
SEE THE SURROUNDING ZONING
DISTRICTS.
DO YOU SEE THE ZONING DISTRICT
LINE WHERE I'M PUTTING THE
CURSOR EVERYTHING TO THE EAST
OF THIS ZONING DISTRICT LINE I
SEE TO BE AND THEN THE ABUTTING
PROPERTIES ARE ZONED OUT TO A
RESIDENTIAL TO FAMILY.
THE NEXT MAP IS THE LOCATION
MAP AND THAT SHOWS SURROUNDING
CONDITIONS AND ADJOINING
PROPERTY ADJACENT PROPERTIES
AND THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE
ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO OF THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY AS IT
CURRENTLY EXISTS.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION AND THE NEXT SLIDE
SHOWS THE SITE PLAN AND YOU SEE
UNITS A AND YOU'LL BE CONNECTED
BY THE THE GARAGE AND THE AIDOO
WHICH IS UNDER THE SUBJECT
VARIANCE TO THE LEFT SIDE
OF THE SITE SHOWING WHERE IT'S
GOING TO BE LOCATED AND
PROPOSED BE LOCATED IN
PROXIMITY TO THE WEST FLAT LINE
AT THREE FEET TEN INCHES.
>> THIS IS A AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SITE PLAN THAT WAS
SUBMITTED BY THE APPLICANT.
THIS IS THE BASEMENT PLAN.
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE FIRST
FLOOR PLAN UNIT A, UNIT B AND
THEN THE EIGHTY TWO AND THE
LEFT SIDE OF YOUR SCREEN IS THE
SLAB ON GRADE.
THAT'S THE GARAGE YOU CAN SEE
THE ACCESS POINT FOR THE WHAT
THE STAIRS ON THE EXTERIOR.
>> THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
SECOND FLOOR PLAN OF THE EIGHTY
YOU APPEARS IT'S GOING TO BE A
ONE BEDROOM ONE BATH WITH A
KITCHEN AND THEN THE THIRD
FLOORS OF THE UNITS AND THESE
ARE ELEVATIONS OF THE NORTH AND
SOUTH FOR BOTH UNITS THAT WERE
SUBMITTED.
THESE ARE COLOR RENDERINGS
ELEVATIONS EAST AND SOUTH, SOME
MORE RENDERINGS OF ELEVATIONS
LOOKING AT FROM THE EAST
DIRECTLY AT THE PROPERTY AND
THEN THE SOUTH AND YOU SEE THE
EIGHTY TWO AND THE BOTTOM LEFT
OF YOUR SCREEN.
THESE ARE ELEVATIONS WITH TO
THE WITH NO GARAGE AND WESTERN
EAST ELEVATIONS OF THE GARAGE.
THESE ARE PHOTOS OF THE SITE
THAT WERE SUBMITTED BY THE
APPLICANT AND THE NEXT SLIDES
ARE MY INSPECTION SLIDES WHEN I
WAS OUT THERE AT THE SITE THIS
IS THE CURRENT CONDITIONS
LOOKING WEST TOWARDS THE TWO
ABANDONED PROPERTIES AND THE
ONE RIGHT HERE THEY'RE BOTH
ZONED OUT TO WAY AND THAT'S THE
DUPLEX AND THAT'S THE SINGLE
FAMILY THIS IS LOOKING NORTH
ALONG ASHLEY STREET AND THE
ADJACENT PROPERTIES TO THE
NORTH.
>> THIS IS A PHOTO OF THE REAR
LINE.
YOU CAN SEE THE SURVEY STICK
AND THEN YOU'D SEE THE
APPROXIMATE LOCATION OF THE
PROPOSED TO YOU PROBABLY IN THE
SHADED SHADOW AREA AND THIS IS
LOOKING DIRECTLY EAST OF THE AT
THE PROPERTY FROM WEST TO EAST
AND THIS IS LOOKING FROM NORTH
TO SOUTH.
THAT CONCLUDES MY PRESENTATION
AT THIS TIME AND I WILL TAKE
ANY QUESTIONS THAT YOU MAY
HAVE.
>> THANK YOU, JOHN.
ANY QUESTIONS?
YES, THE REAR LINE IS GOING TO
BE HAVE THE THREE THREE THEY
HAVE PUT IN THREE FEET TEN
INCHES.
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
FROM THE LAST LINE ON THE OTHER
SIDE IT LOOKS LIKE THAT'S A
DRIVEWAY AND IF SO HOW FAR IS
IT FROM THE ACTUAL BUILDING?
IT'S NOT THREE FEET TEN INCHES
FROM THE BUILDING IT'S LOOK
LIKE IT'S FROM THE DRIVEWAY
THERE AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE LOT
LINE.
>> OH SO THE ABERDEEN PROPERTY
TO THE WEST IS THERE'S A TWO
FAMILY DUPLEX.
I'M SORRY I DIDN'T ASK THE
QUESTION PRECISELY SO THREE
FEET, TEN INCHES.
THERE'S A FENCE ON THE OTHER
PROPERTY ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE FENCE AS WELL AS THAT
CEMENT.
IT'S NOT A PARKING LOT.
OK, SO HOW HOW FAR IS THE REAR
LINE FROM THE ENVELOPE WITH THE
BUILDING THE OTHER BUILDING
ROUGHLY 20 FEET.
>> LET ME GO TO AN AERIAL PHOTO
AND IT'S PROBABLY TWENTY FIVE
TO THIRTY FEET.
OK, GOOD.
OK AND THE ONES THAT THEY
DIDN'T SHOW I WENT ON GOOGLE
EARTH TODAY ACROSS FROM A LONG
S MAIN STREET THERE'S URBANA
WHICH IS A MARIJUANA SHOP AND
IT'S HAVING A LOT OF ANOTHER.
YEAH THAT'S RIGHT.
SO IT'S A BIG COMMERCIAL SPACE
TO THE SOUTH.
YEAH THAT'S RIGHT.
SO THIS LOT REALLY IS A BORDER
PROPERTY.
I MEAN IT'S THE END LOOKS LIKE
IT'S THE END OF THE HISTORIC
DISTRICT AND YOU'VE THAT'S
COMMERCIAL ON THE OTHER SIDE
AND THE TALL BUILDING ONE
EIGHTEEN MOSLEY ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE STREET SO IT'S JUST
JUST A VERY UNIQUE MIXED SPOT.
IT LOOKS LIKE A BUNCH
OF DIFFERENT EXCUSE ZONING
DISTRICTS AND IF YOU GO BACK TO
THE FIRST SLIDE YOU SEE THE KEY
TO BE ZONING DISTRICT ALONG
HERE THEY ARE TO A ACROSS THE
STREET YES.
ARE FOR B MULTIFAMILY AND THEN
YOU HAVE THIS POCKET SEE ONE
COMMERCIAL AND THEN YOU HAVE TO
THE FURTHER TO THE EAST IS THE
TWO SO YOU HAVE ONE, TWO, THREE
FOUR OR FIVE FIVE ZONING
DISTRICTS AND THAT AND THAT
AREA ABUTTING EACH OTHER.
>> THANK YOU.
YES SIR.
AND SO I'M LOOKING AT THE MIXED
USE DISTRICT REQUIRED SET BACKS
TABLE WHAT IS IT SAYS EQUAL FOR
C ONE A R EQUAL THE MINIMUM ON
THE MINIMUM SIDE AND REAR
SETBACK EQUAL TO THE MINIMUM
OF THE ABOVE RESIDENTIAL
DISTRICT.
WHAT IS THE MINIMUM SETBACK OR
THE SETBACK FOR THAT HER
BUDDING RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT.
SO YOU HAVE TO GO DOWN TO THE
NEXT DISTRICT DOWN TO THE C TO
BE LIKE OUR TWO RIGHT.
I'M LOOKING AT C ONE I R AND
SHE WANT A EQUAL THE MINIMUM
OF ABUTTING OUR DISTRICT.
THOSE ARE STANDARDS.
I KNOW THIS IS I KNOW THIS IS C
TO BE BUT THIS IS A VERY UNIQUE
SPA AND PART OF ME WONDERS WHY
THIS IS SO EASY TO BE BUT I'M
WONDERING WHAT THE SETBACK IS
ON THAT AND JOINING OUR TO A
STEP BACK.
CORRECT.
TWENTY SO THOSE HAVE A REAR
SETBACK IF IF THEY HAVE ARE
THEY ALLOWED TO HAVE DETACHED
GARAGES IN THAT TWENTY FEET
THEY ARE.
AND WHAT WOULD THE SETBACK
OF THE DETACHED GARAGE BE THREE
FEET WHICH IS COMPARABLE TO
WHAT THEY'RE ASKING WITH THIS?
THAT'S CORRECT.
BUT SINCE THIS PROPERTY IS ON C
B, ALL DETACHED ACCESSORY
STRUCTURES HAVE TO COMPLY WITH
THE DISTRICT REQUIRED.
I UNDERSTAND IT BUT I IT LOOKS
LIKE THE USE OF THIS IS FOR
RESIDENTIAL USE AS OPPOSED TO
BUSINESS USE IT IS BUT IT'S
STILL THE THE THE SETBACKS ARE
WHAT THE UNDERLYING ZONING
DISTRICT REQUIRES.
>> I UNDERSTAND I JUST SEE THIS
AS A UNIQUE SITUATION IN TERMS
OF THE HISTORIC ZONING.
THERE SEEM TO BE YOU KNOW,
MAYBE GIVING A VARIANCE ON THIS
IS IS A SUPERIOR ALTERNATIVE TO
TRYING TO GET A CHANGE
OF ZONING WHICH MIGHT BE
APPROPRIATE FOR THIS SPOT.
BUT VARIANCE CAN ACCOMPLISH THE
SAME PURPOSE TO ALLOW A
RESIDENTIAL STRUCTURE TO GO
WITH A DETACHED GARAGE WITH AN
ACCESSORY DWELLING.
SO I'M JUST TRYING TO GET AT
THIS IF IT WOULD FIT I
UNDERSTAND TO SEE TO BE BUT
IT'S I MEAN THIS IS A VERY
UNIQUE IT'S SURROUNDED BY ALL
THIS RESIDENTIAL IT'S RIGHT ON
THE BORDER OF THIS HISTORIC
DISTRICT, YOU KNOW AND I
REMEMBER I USED TO TAKE DRY
CLEANING DARVIN CLEANERS YEARS
AND YEARS AGO AND I STILL GO TO
WASH OUT DAIRY DOWN AT THE
OTHER END OF THE BLOCK OF THE
SEA TO BE BLOCK.
BUT IT'S
THOSE ARE THAT'S THE
RATIONALE FOR THE QUESTIONS I'M
ASKING.
>> OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
JULIE?
SO I ALL RIGHT.
SO THE HISTORIC DISTRICT
APPROVED THE DEMOLITION AND
THEN IS IT DID THEY ALSO
APPROVE THE PLANNED FOR THE
CONSTRUCTION OR ARE THEY THEY
APPROVED THE DESIGN OF THE
DESIGN.
YEAH, OK.
AND THEN THIS WILL ALSO HAVE TO
GO TO SITE PLAN FOR PLANNING
PERMISSION.
OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
JOHN.
RIGHT.
IF THE APPLICANT IS HERE PLEASE
COME FORWARD.
STATE YOUR NAME FOR THE RECORD
SIGN YOU'LL HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
HELLO I'M MARK RITTER.
ASSOCIATES ARCHITECTS.
I THINK THE PRESENTATION AND
THE QUESTIONS CAN CLARIFY A LOT
OF THINGS.
I MIGHT JUST START BACK DOWN
AND I HAVE BEEN WORKING ON THIS
PROJECT FOR ABOUT THREE YEARS
BEFORE THE BUILDING WAS TORN
AND WHEN IT WAS CONDEMNED AND
SO WE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO
WORK FOR THREE YEARS WITH
HISTORIC DISTRICT COMMISSION ON
VARIOUS ALTERNATIVES TO THIS
SITE.
WE STARTED WITH A MAST
TOWNHOUSES KIND OF WE LOOKED AT
ALL THE ALTERNATIVES THAT THE
MASSING OF THAT THEN WE WENT TO
WE ORIGINALLY STARTED OUT I
GUESS WITH A FOUR WITH A FOUR
STORY BUILDING FOR UNITS
THINKING THIS WOULD BE A HIGHER
DENSITY HOUSING.
SO THE SITE HERE BUT GOING
THROUGH SOME OF THE
COMPLICATIONS WITH THE HISTORIC
DISTRICT COMMISSION STAFF
MEMBERS, IT APPEARED THAT IT
NEEDED TO BE MORE COMPATIBLE
WITH THE EXISTING SURROUNDING
NEIGHBORHOOD.
SO THAT'S HOW WE ARRANGED THE
PRESENT SITE AND THAT IS TO TRY
TO BREAK DOWN THE MASSES.
AND THE MAIN THING WE WANTED TO
DO WAS TO HAVE A SMALLER UNITS
MORE LIKE THE RESIDENTIAL
NEIGHBORHOOD ON EITHER SIDE.
NOW THE ELEVATIONS ARE KIND
OF COMMERCIAL AND THAT'S A KIND
OF REFLECTION OF WHAT WE FEEL
IS THE CORNER SITE HERE IS SORT
OF COMMERCIAL AND WE WANTED TO
REFLECT THAT IN OUR BUILDING
DESIGN AND I THINK THAT THERE
IS THE ONE SLIDE THAT'S PRETTY
PRETTY EVIDENT OF THE MASSING
THERE AND I DON'T KNOW IF WE
CAN GET THAT BACK UP ON THE
SCREEN.
>> I THINK IT'S I CAN'T BECAUSE
I'VE BEEN KICKED OUT OF THE
MEETING FOR SOME REASON SO I
DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOING WELL.
>> OK, I THINK THAT ONE SLIDE
THAT PRETTY WELL SHOWS THE
SMALLER SCALE OF THESE
RESIDENTS IS HERE COMPARED TO
THE EXISTING NEIGHBORHOOD.
BUT THAT'S OK.
I THINK THAT THIS SITE YOU
KNOW, THIS IS VERY BROAD.
BUT THE INTERESTING POINT THIS
SITE IS A REALLY AN ANOMALY.
THIS IS DISTRICT HERE IS REALLY
KIND OF NORMALLY I THINK WHEN I
WORKED IN THE PLANNING
DEPARTMENT FOR FIVE YEARS BACK
IN EIGHTY FOUR EIGHTY THREE
EIGHTY FOUR TO FIVE AND WE
LOOKED AT SOME OF THESE ZONING
DISTRICTS AT THAT TIME AND IT
WAS AT THAT TIME THERE WAS THIS
IDEA THAT MAYBE IF YOU ZONE IT
WHAT WILL BE ARMON CLEANERS
WILL TURN INTO A STRING
OF COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS THERE
AND IT WILL REFLECT THE KIND
OF ZONING THAT WAS SET UP AT
THAT TIME.
WELL, THAT NEVER DID HAPPEN AND
OF COURSE WHEN THE HISTORIC
DISTRICT COMMISSION WAS
ORGANIZED FOR THE OLD WEST SIDE
THAT ESSENTIALLY FROZE THE
DEVELOPMENT PATTERN OF THIS
WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD SO WE'RE NOT
GOING TO SEE ANYTHING THAT
RESEMBLES C TO BE HAPPENING IN
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD.
SO THAT'S KIND OF WHY WE
DECIDED APPROACH THIS WITH A
VARIANCE I THINK AND THAT'S
WHAT YOU SEE BEFORE YOU ANSWER
ANY QUESTIONS OR QUESTIONS THAT
YOU HAVE TO TRY TO ANSWER THEM.
>> THANK ANY QUESTIONS.
>> I JUST WANT TO GET AN
AFFIRMATION OF THE PROCESS WITH
THE HISTORIC DISTRICT AND
WHETHER YOU HAVE THE FULL
APPROVAL OF THE HISTORIC
DISTRICT WITH THE PLANS THAT
YOU PRESENTED.
>> YES, THEY AGREED UNANIMOUSLY
TO SUPPORT THE PLAN AND TO VOTE
THAT'S ON RECORD AS THE
APPROVAL.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THE QUESTIONS FOR THIS DISTRICT
I WAS JUST LOOKING UNDER I
DON'T BE THE PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTIES THAT WOULD RESULT
FROM FAILURE TO GRANT THE
VARIOUS HE SPOKE TO A LITTLE
BIT MORE ABOUT THE MACING.
IT WOULD CHANGE THE CHARACTER
OF THE MASSING IF IT'S WITH A
VARIANCE WASN'T GRANTED SO
THERE COULD STILL BE SOMETHING
ON THE BACK SIDE OF THE OF A
LOT.
BUT YOU FEEL LIKE THE CURRENT
SOLUTION I PUT WORDS IN YOUR
MOUTH BUT COULD YOU JUST SPEAK
TO THAT A LITTLE BIT OF OF THE
OPTION IF THE VARIANCE WASN'T
OK AND WHAT THEN THAT WOULD BE
REFLECTED IN THE DESIGN IT WAS
ASKED I THINK WE HAD A COUPLE
OF QUESTIONS AT THE HISTORIC
DISTRICT COMMISSION.
I THINK IT'S WHY WE DIDN'T TAKE
THE GARAGE AND PUSH IT BETWEEN
THE TWO BUILDINGS AND WHAT THAT
RESULTS IN IS IS FAR MORE WHAT
COVERAGE OF PAVING IN THE
PROBABLE AREA GOES UP QUITE A
BIT WITH THAT AND THAT WOULD BE
SOMETHING OF THE PLANNING
COMMISSION WOULD NOT LOOK AT
KINDLY.
PLUS WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE
OF ALL THE EXCESS WATER ON THAT
SITE AND SINCE WE COULD HAVE A
SMALL SITE THAT'S DIFFICULT TO
DO.
THE OTHER THING IS THAT WE PUSH
THESE THINGS TOGETHER THEN WE
HAVE A WHOLE LOT LESS LIGHT AND
VENTILATION INTO THE ADJOINING
BUILDINGS.
THEN WE ESSENTIALLY HAVE A
BLOCK MASS OF BUILDINGS THAT
CUTS DOWN ON THE AMOUNT
OF LIGHT AND VENTILATION.
YEAH, THAT'S YES.
>> THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
I THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IF THERE'S ANYONE ELSE WHO
WISHES TO SPEAK IN THIS
PETITION PLEASE COME FORWARD
NOW SIGN IN STATE YOUR NAME
YOU'LL HAVE THREE MINUTES IF
THERE'S ANYONE ACCESSING THE
MEETING REMOTELY.
ALL RIGHT.
I WAS HERE ALL RIGHT.
>> SEEING NO ONE.
THE PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
AND WE'RE IN DISCUSSION.
DAVE.
WELL, FOR ME THE CENTRAL
PROBLEM WITH THIS IS DOES SEEM
TO BE ZONING WHICH IS IN DIRECT
CONFLICT WITH THE ACTUAL
REALITY OF WHAT THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD IS LIKE AND THE
HISTORIC NATURE OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND I'M LOOKING AT
THIS PROPOSAL WHICH WE'RE
TRYING TO GET A VARIANCE FROM
THE C TO BE ZONING WHICH IS SO
UNIQUE REALLY OUT OF PLACE IN
THIS PLACE AND IN CONFLICT WITH
HISTORIC DISTRICT REGULATIONS
IN A WAY BECAUSE IT REALLY
COMPROMISES WHAT YOU CAN DO
WITH THE LOT THAT WAS HISTORIC
WHAT THE HISTORIC DISTRICT
WOULD ALLOW THEY WORKED IT WITH
THREE FOR THREE YEARS, WORKED
WITH THE HISTORIC DISTRICT, AN
UNANIMOUS APPROVAL.
OF COURSE WE ALL KNOW PEOPLE
THAT LIVE IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD
.
IF THERE WAS ANY OBJECTION, I'M
SURE PEOPLE WOULD BE HERE AT A
MEETING OBJECTING TO THIS
VARIANCE JUST THE FACT THERE'S
NO OBJECTION TO THIS SPEAKS TO
THE COMPATABILITY OF THIS WITH
THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
I'M IN FAVOR OF IT.
I THINK IF IT WERE C ONE AREA
THIS WOULD BE FINE, YOU KNOW,
AND EVERYTHING TO THE NORTH
OF THIS AS A RESIDENTIAL UNTIL
YOU GET TO WASH YOUR DAIRY
WHICH IS SUCH A UNIQUE
COMMERCIAL BUILDING THAT IT'S
SUCH A BEAUTIFUL ASSET TO THE
COMMUNITY AND THIS IS NOT IN
CONFLICT WITH THAT EITHER.
ACROSS THE STREET ON ACTUALLY
IS THE BIG NEW DEVELOPMENT AND
THIS IS RIGHT ON THE BORDER
BETWEEN THE HISTORIC HOMES ON
THE OLD WEST SIDE AND THAT BIG
BIGGER RESIDENTIAL BUILDING
THAT'S RECENTLY BUILT.
I'M IN FAVOR OF THIS.
I THINK IT'S COMPATIBLE.
IT'S HOUSING AT A REASONABLE
DENSITY WITHOUT BEING TOO
IMPOSING ON THE HISTORIC NATURE
,THE RESIDENTIAL ASPECT OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD, THE HISTORIC
HOMES, THAT NEIGHBORHOOD I'M
TOTALLY IN FAVOR OF THIS SO I
FEEL LIKE I'VE OFFICIALLY
REACHED TOWNY STATUS BECAUSE I
USED TO LIVE IN THE TOWN HOMES
THAT ARE RIGHT ACROSS THE
STREET AND MOSTLY IN THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD AND REMEMBER THAT
DRY CLEANER WHEN IT EXISTED AND
THEN IT'S JUST IT'S NICE TO SEE
SOMETHING ELSE BEING PLANNED
FOR THAT SPOT AND INTERESTING
SIDE STORY ABOUT JUST THE
CREATION OF THE OLD WEST SIDE
HISTORIC DISTRICT IS I'M PRETTY
SURE THAT THE TOWNHOUSES I
LIVED IN WERE PART OF THE
REASON WHY THAT DISTRICT WAS
CREATED TO STOP THOSE FROM
BEING BUILT AGAIN.
SO IT'S SOMEWHAT OF A SHAME
THAT TO BE ABLE TO SEE MORE
DENSITY IN THE SPOT BECAUSE
WHAT IT'S SURROUNDED BY IS LIKE
NIGHT ERA 1970S TOWN HOMES AS I
RECALL.
SO ANYWAY I GUESS I JUST
APPLAUD YOU FINDING A CREATIVE
WAY TO DO SOMETHING WITH THIS
AND I'LL BE SUPPORTING IT A
COUPLE OF OBSERVATIONS IN
GENERAL THE APPLICANT SAYS THAT
THEY COULD GO AHEAD AND BUILD
WITHOUT A VARIANCE AND
GENERALLY IF ONE DOESN'T NEED
TO BE HERE YOU CAN DO IT ON
THEIR OWN.
THAT'S ALWAYS GOOD BECAUSE
VARIANCES ARE AN EXCEPTION TO
THE ORDINANCE THAT SAID, I'M
NOT HUNG UP ON THE ZONING
CLASSIFICATION BECAUSE IT IS SO
UNIQUE AND THIS IS REALLY A
BORDER PROPERTY.
YOU HAVE A LARGE BRICK I GUESS
COMBINATION OFFICE AND CONDOS
OR TOWNHOUSES ACROSS THE STREET
WHICH NEGATES ANY RESIDENTIAL
NEIGHBORHOOD IMPACT.
AND LOOKING ACROSS MAIN STREET
YOU'VE GOT THE MARIJUANA STORE
AND THE 7-ELEVEN AND THEN YOU
HAVE SOME RESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS
ON AT ANOTHER DIMENSION
.
SO THIS IS REALLY A VERY MIXED
AREA AND I SORT OF LOOK BACK
AND THINK PROBABLY ANY TYPE
OF BUILDING WOULD BE FINE HERE
IF IT WERE A COMMERCIAL
BUILDING OR A SIX STORY
APARTMENT BUILDING OR WHAT IS
BEING PROPOSED TODAY.
SO MY MAIN CONCERN WAS THE WHAT
WAS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF WHAT
WOULD NOW BE A CLOSE REARWARD
LINE.
BUT IT'S NOT THE BUILDING AND
YOU JOHN SAID THE BUILDING IS
GOOD 20 FEET OR SO AWAY.
SO THAT'S NO IT'S NOT GOING TO
BE AS IF THEY COULD REACH OUT
AND SHAKE HANDS ACROSS THE
BUILDING.
>> YOU DON'T HAVE THAT
SITUATION.
SO I GUESS I'M NOT REALLY HUNG
UP ON THE FACT THAT THEY DON'T
THEY COULD DO IT WITHOUT A
VARIANCE AND AND I LOOK TO THE
HISTORIC COMMISSION AS BEING A
STICKY WICKET TO GET THROUGH
WHAT OTHER DESIGN THIS HISTORIC
COMMISSION MIGHT OR MIGHT NOT
APPROVE IS SPECULAR NEVER
APPROVED THIS DESIGN AFTER
THREE YEARS OF HARD WORK AND
THAT DOES HAVE AN EDU WHICH IS
SOMETHING THAT THE CITY WANTS
TO DO.
SO ON BALANCE I THINK I WILL
SUPPORT THIS.
THAT'D BE NICE MAYBE TO GET RID
OF THE TUBES ON IT.
I DON'T THINK THAT IT DOES
ANYTHING BUT THAT'S NOT WHAT
OUR PURVIEW IS HERE SO I WILL
BE VOTING IN FAVOR OF IT.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION WE'RE
READY FOR A MOTION.
>> I'D MAKE A MOTION.
>> THANK YOU.
DAVE ZIBA 24 DASH ZERO ZERO
THREE SEVEN SIX THIRTY SOUTH
ASHLEY STREET IN ACCORDANCE
WITH ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL, THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A
TWENTY SIX FOOT TWO INCH
VARIANCE FROM TABLE FIVE POINT
SEVENTEEN DASH FOR MIXED USE
ZONING DISTRICT DIMENSIONS.
THE VARIANCE ALLOWS FOR THE
CONSTRUCTION OF A 544 SQUARE
FOOT DETACHED ACCESSORY
BUILDING GARAGE WITH AN
ACCESSORY DWELLING UNIT ABOVE
THE BUILDING IS TO BE BUILT
THREE FEET TEN INCHES FROM THE
REAR FLAT LINE.
THE BUILDING IS TO BE
CONSTRUCTED PER THE SUBMITTED
PLANS.
THANK YOU DAVE.
WE HAVE A MOTION TO HAVE
SUPPORT.
THANK YOU JULIE.
DAVE DAVE.
YES.
CHRISTINA YES.
PATTY YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES TODD YES.
DHARMA YES.
JULIE YES.
MIKE YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED.
I JUST WANT TO MAKE APPARENT
FOR THE RECORD REAL QUICK I WAS
ABLE TO GET BACK INTO THE NOW
AND THERE WERE NO CALLERS.
EXCELLENT.
I CAN NOTE ALSO WE DIDN'T
RECEIVE ANY WRITTEN
CORRESPONDENCE ON THIS PETITION
AT ALL SO CORRECT.
WE DID NOT.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON.
WE HAVE NO UNFINISHED BUSINESS,
NEW BUSINESS, THE TWENTY TWENTY
FIVE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
CALENDAR.
IS THERE ANYTHING UNIQUE ABOUT
THIS THAT WE SHOULD NOTE
NOTHING OUT OF THE ORDINARY
OTHER THAN THE SAME PROTOCOL
NEXT YEAR'S COMBINING THE
NOVEMBER DECEMBER EIGHTEENTH
AGAIN AND IT'LL WILL BE IN
DECEMBER 3RD TWENTY TWENTY FIVE
PRETTY STANDARD CALENDAR AND I
DON'T HAVE ANYTHING OUT OF THE
ORDINARY REPORT ON IT.
>> RIGHT.
ANY DISCUSSION ON THE CALENDAR,
CONCERNS ABOUT THE CALENDAR
WHEN'S THE NEXT MEETING?
JANUARY NINE SO JANUARY 22ND.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT SAID, DO WE HAVE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE TWENTY TWENTY
FIVE MEETING CALENDAR?
SO THANK YOU MIKE SUPPORT
DHARMA GREAT IN FAVOR SAY HI.
HI.
A POST ALL RIGHT.
REPORTS FROM COUNSEL DHARMA I
THINK THE BIGGEST THING TO
REPORT IT'S IN PROGRESS NOT
DONE YET BUT WE HAD THE FIRST
READING IN OUR SECOND NOVEMBER
MEETING ABOUT CHANGES TO THE
UDC THAT WOULD ALLOW CHILD CARE
CENTERS IN MANY MORE ZONING
DISTRICTS THAN THEY'RE ALLOWED
IN NOW WE HAVE A CHILD CARE
CRISIS IN THE CITY AND SO THIS
IS A WAY TO MAKE THE ZONING
MORE FLEXIBLE TO PERMIT THOSE
CENTERS.
SO I THINK WE PROBABLY HAVE THE
SECOND READING MAYBE AT THE
NEXT MEETING OR THE ONE AFTER
THAT.
>> IT'S A THANK YOU
COMMUNICATIONS.
WE DID NOT HAVE ANYTHING IN THE
PACKET SO ANYONE ELSE HAVE
ANYTHING THEY NEED TO SHARE?
DAVE, I WOULD JUST LIKE TO WISH
EVERYBODY A HAPPY HOLIDAY
SEASON AND I HOPE EVERYBODY HAD
A WONDERFUL THANKSGIVING WITH
LOVED AND SOME FRIENDS AND WE
WOULD ADD IT'S WONDERFUL TO SEE
YOU ALL BACK HERE AFTER
THANKSGIVING.
THANK YOU.
DID ANY OTHER COMMENTS?
>> ALL RIGHT.
PUBLIC COMMENT IF THERE'S
ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC WHO
WISHES TO ADDRESS THE ZIBA,
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
YOU'LL HAVE THREE MINUTES IF
YOU'D LIKE TO COME FORWARD OR
IF YOU'RE ACCESSING REMOTELY
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE USE THE
RAISED HAND BUTTON.
>> THERE ARE NO APOLOGIES.
ALL RIGHT.
THANKS, JOHN.
WITH THAT, DO WE HAVE A MOTION
TO ADJOURN MOTION FROM JULISSA
,REPORT FROM TED ALL IN FAVOR.
SAY HI.
HI OPPOSED.
>> WE'RE ADJOURNED.
THANKS EVERYBODY.
30 MINUTE